# inventoryllama
Inventory LLAMA [school inventory management and route planning system]
A website that can be customized with the warehouse and school building, and inventory reports and order form for the Shenendehowa CSD, Clifton Park, NY. Our the Shenendehowa CaptiBytes (FLL team 3249) created this site while participating in a school-sponsored program called FIRST Lego League (FLL), a Shenendehowa CSD middle school robotics club. In FLL, teams participate in a challenge every year that includes researching a topic. For the 2021-22 challenge, called Cargo Connect, we were charged with finding a unique solution for improving the transportation process. For more information on this challenge go to https://www.firstinspires.org/robotics/fll/challenge-and-season-info for more information. We looked for a solution that would improve the food delivery process within our school district. We learned this solution is needed because of inefficient transportation of food between the various school buildings throughout the Shenendehowa school district due to 1) an inefficient ordering & inventory management system AND 2) an inefficient delivery of orders to and from the warehouse and between schools. For the routing piece, we decided to build on a prior year solution we created called TEA LLAMA which stands for Trail Efficiency Algorithm (TEA) Local Links that Augment Mobility and Activity (LLAMA) by revisiting our minimum spanning tree algorithm which was used to calculate the shortest distance between existing points. This solution focuses on the traveling salesman problem algorithm. Student contributors for Inventory LLAMA include (2021-22): Veer A, Nitya B., Jonah M., Rishabh N, Josiah N., Pranamya P., Junyuan (Michael) S., Aidan S., and Michael V.  
